Release 1
#User can enter a word (or phrase if the game can support that) and a second user tries to guess the word
#Guessed must be limited and the number of guesses must be related to the length of the word
#Repeated guesses do not count against the user
#The guessing player receives feedback on the current state of the word. (basically hangman). 
#If the user wins then put a congratulatory message and if the lose taunt them.

I. Set up a Hangman class
II. Initialize method for a string (use attr_reader so that instance variables can be read outside)
	i. Put a new game statemenet on the screen
	ii. Instance variables for:
	 	a. The word (entered by first user - the word to be guessed)
	 	b. Split the word into letters that can be guessed and assign to a new instance variable
	 	c. Default a count instance variable to start at 0
	 	d. The chances of winning the game based on the amount of guesses you have. 
	 	e. Amt of guesses should be assigned to a variable using the length of the word to be guessed.
	 	f. Set variable to false for end of game
	 	g. Letter guessed assigned to a variable.
III. Method for checking if you already guessed that letter or seeing if you didn't enter a single character string (input from second user)
	i. Run a loop to be sure that the letter guessed is a string and if it isn't a string or a single letter put up a warning message and the method
	ii. If it is a string and a single character continue and run to see if the letter has been guessed already or not. 

IV. Method for guessing a letter in the word
	i. Run loop to see if the letter has been guessed yet.
		a. Iterate through the word characters to see if it includes the letter guessed
		b. If it is right then put you have guessed a letter and then ask for another guess repeat method
		c. If it is wrong then put you have guessed wrong and ask for another guess. Maybe return how many guesses you have left?

V. Method for end-game
	i. p guessed

VI. Create a user interface that requests input from both users.
	i. Welcome message
	ii. Ask first user for the hangman word
	iii. Create a variable w/ a database for that word.
	iv. Loop that so that they can keep inputting until all of their guesses are used up.
